feat(curriculum): add bill splitter workshop (#65517)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-bill-splitter/6982684f3a25f379e195a5fc.md

---
id: 6982684f3a25f379e195a5fc
title: Step 4
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

Now that you have stored the individual costs, you can calculate the total. In Python, you use the addition operator `+` to sum values together. 

> Update the `running_total` variable by adding `benjis_bill`, `mortys_bill`, `marcys_bill`, and `my_bill` together. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `running_total` variable by adding `appetizers`, `main_courses`, `desserts`, and `drinks` together. 
```

Finally, use `print()` to display the string `Total bill so far:` followed by a space and the value of `running_total`.

> Note: You might notice that the output has more decimal digits than expected. As you learned in a previous lesson, this happens because numbers are stored in binary, and many decimal values cannot be represented exactly in this format, which leads to rounding errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: You might notice that the output has more decimal digits than expected. As you learned in a previous lesson, this happens because numbers are stored in binary, and many decimal values cannot be represented exactly in this format, which leads to rounding errors.
```
